## Review of NATURAL HERITAGE MANAGEMENT AND PROMOTION THROUGH FREE AND OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE
This article, titled “Natural Heritage Management and Promotion Through Free and Open Source Software: A Preliminary System Design for the INSUBRIPARKS Project”, presents INSUBRIPARKS’s goals and strategies for increasing and unifying communication between management parties and among visitors of the Insubria region. The authors of the article argue that the natural parks and heritage sites of this region fall short of reaching their tourism potential due to fragmented and insufficient communication between the cross-border management teams as well as local and regional governments. The team proposes using a series of geospatial tools to both increase this communication and enhancing the visitors’ experience, all with the goal of bringing in tourism dollars.

INSUBRIAPARKS proposes the implementation of a standardized IT infrastructure to “support cross-border land management and marketing” (180). This infrastructure would be based in free and open-source GIS software and would contain datasets for relevant landmarks and facilities, as well as provide a platform to analyze social media posts and visitor counts. INSUBRIAPARKS seeks to build a user-friendly platform that provides visitors with a series of geospatially based narratives to choose from to guide their visit. Finally, the team hopes to use OpenLayers Javascript to publish live, dynamic maps to the unified site. 

The team’s goals seem reasonable, well-informed and relatively easily achievable. I wish the authors had gone into greater depth about how they are going to source information from the visitors and whether they anticipate having to teach these visitors how to use the platform. 

[Link] (https://www.int-arch-photogramm-remote-sens-spatial-inf-sci.net/XLII-4-W14/179/2019/isprs-archives-XLII-4-W14-179-2019.pdf)
